DEVDOCS-6171 - Add call-out for PCI 4.0 (#823)
bigcommerce/docs: docs/storefront/stencil/start/index.mdx

BigCommerce Stencil themes are responsive, mobile friendly themes, allowing shoppers to have a first class experience across any device. Each Stencil theme can contain one to four variations. You can optimize individual variations for specific markets, audiences, and styles, while still managing and distributing all of these variations as one theme.

## Cornerstone

> <Callout type="info">As of PCI 4.0, scripts require nonce-based authorization, integrity checks, and justification. In order to remain compliant, upgrade your theme to Cornerstone >= 6.16.0, which is compatible with this change.</Callout>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Callout type="info">With PCI 4.0, scripts now require nonce-based authorization, integrity checks, and justification. To stay compliant, upgrade your Cornerstone theme to version 6.16.0 or later, which supports this change.</Callout>
```
